Main Title: Empower, improve, optimize your blockhain product with AITitle 1: Take Blockchain technology to the next level.Paragraph 1: We as the Astrid team strongly believe that Blockchain is a disruptive technology with high potential. However, we truly believe that it can be improved and optimized through Artificial Intelligence. For this reason, our team consists of both Blockchain Developers and Data Scientists. This allows us to analyze your problem thoroughly and develop performant AI models that can improve your Blockchain product, allowing you to lower costs or improve user experience.Title 2: Let us show how AI can speed up your Blockchain product adoption.Paragraph 2: Astrid offers a suite of AI models for different types of Blockchain products shown here:-Network Fee Predictor. A model built with over ten on-chain and off-chain parameters that can predict gas fee trends over the next 24 hours. This way you will know the time to execute the transaction at a lower cost and save money;-Trading & Portfolio Management. We have developed a set of AI-Empowered strategies for each type of crypto-investor: intraday, daily, and long-term. Acceptable risk can be indicated for each of these strategies;-User Behavior Clustering. Through accurate Clustering algorithms, our model is able to analyze the transaction history of dApps or entire Blockchains, going to identify the most recurring user profiles: for example, it is possible to deduce whether there are more whales or micro-investors in an environment, the times of greatest activity, and the frequency with which transactions are executed;-Yield Farming APR Predictions (Beta Version). We are building a model capable of analyzing dozens of on-chain, off-chain data and estimating via sentiment analysis the volatility of assets. This analysis will enable the development of a model capable of predicting the APR performance of a list of Liquidity Pools. This product would be powerful for implementing optimized AI-based Yield Farming strategies;-Customized AI Models. If you have a specific request for a problem to be solved or a process to be optimized on your Smart Contract, please do not hesitate to contact us. We will be able to study your request and develop an accurate and powerful model;Title 3: You pay only if the model works properly.Paragraph 3: If you are concerned that your model is not accurate enough, don't be worried: we will develop your model and show you the accuracy parameters. If they are acceptable, we will proceed to the back-testing phase, that is, we will test the model with real-time data. Only if we find the back-testing phase satisfactory will we deliver the model to you.